You have N files. Each file contains the "transcript of records" of one student in
the form
SubjectName Mark Credits
The file is named SurnameName.txt
For each student you have to show (print on the screen):
SurnameName.txt WeightedAverage MaxVote OldestDate-MostRecentDate

Write a sequential program first, where each filename is provided in input by the user
iteratively

Then parallelize the program so that processing of each file is carried out
by a child process. In this case, the list of filename is provided in an input file
that can be provided as an argument.

So with FileProcessing.c we have written a program that computes some information on the
number of files that you want and actually they are processed one after the other.
We have the for loop with k.
We want to parallelize them, so we want that each process reads just one file and print the result
just for that one.

So we have the parent process that just creates all the structure and the variables,
and then we can create child processes each one devoted to process one file in parallel.
so under the first for we can add fork in FileProcessing2.c

Then after we called fork we want all the lines above to be performed by
the child process, so the parent has not to do anything else.
We do not have to use switch because there is no default action to be
performed.
ATTENTION WE need to exit at the end of the child process otherwise
it continues with the for.

NOW ----------------------------------------------------------
The exec() family
SO you can have designed the system in order to first produce a binary executable
that process just one file at the time, you write the program and then
when you are writing the overall program that can process multiple file
you will call this executable that process one file at the time

In execl and execv l is a list and v is vector. In the main function we have the argv and argc parameters.
In argv we have all the arguments that we passed after the name of the functions.
If we use execl you will execute a new file, and then you will provide the list of arguments
that have to be passed to the program that you are calling,
if you use execv you are passing directly the argv vector.

Then you can use execle in which you use the environment of the calling process.
Then you can use execlp where p means path. When you are executing something the first parameter
of exec is the name of the file that contains the executable, the file in your filesystem,
so you have to provide the full path of the executable.
If you put p then you type the command without the path if this executable is already
included in one of the directories that are in default path that your system use.

So execl has as a first argument the path. So where the OS find the executable that you want to execute.
After you have all the arguments in a list.

The letter l in the execl and execle functions states that the arguments are provided as a list terminated
by the null pointer
 	e.g. int execl(const char *path, const char *arg0,…
		const char *argn, (char *)0)

 The letter v in the execv and execvp functions states that the arguments are provided as a vector
 	e.g. int execv(const char *path, const char *argv[]



Exec can be called in any process but you should have already an existing process.
Exec can be run only inside an existing process.

With exec you overlap all the text segment with the text segment of the new program the you are running,
also the stack and the heap are initialised to be used by the new process.
Everything is clear except the U-AREA, any files that was open from the process
that is calling exec is still open for the process that you will run, this allows very close collaboration
between processes.

The shell is a process for the OS, when type a command in the shell, the OS fork a new process an exact
 copy of the shell, then the shell call exec with the command that you have provided.

 now modify the code to use exec. In singlefile processing.
 now in a main file we can have the for loop with the exec system call
 We do not have to put the exit, with exec everything is overridden,
 as soon as you run exec the process became the content of the executable
 that is list in the first argument of exec, the task of the parent is just to creeate
 child processes,
